How to Create the Ultimate Salad.
The ultimate salad is tasty but good for you,
filling but not fattening, and easy to throw
together.
You will need Greens Assorted vegetables Protein
Good fats A spray bottle Olive-oil dressing
and berries.
Step 1.
Start with a good green.
The best salad greens, in nutritional order,
are spinach, arugula, watercress, endive,
and romaine.
Spinach provides lots of calcium, while romaine
contains large amounts of Vitamins A and C.
Step 2.
Add some veggies, keeping in mind that the
richer a vegetable’s color, the higher its
nutritional content.
Good choices include purple cabbage, bell
peppers, broccoli, carrots, and tomatoes.
Step 3.
Throw in some protein.
Salmon, beans, turkey, tofu, or a hard-boiled
egg are all great options.
Step 4.
Include some “good” fat—some avocado
slices, a handful of nuts, a sprinkling of
sunflower or pumpkin seeds, a few crumbles
of feta cheese.
Just don’t overdo it; it may be good fat,
but it’s still fat!
In the nut family, pecans, walnuts, and almonds
have the most antioxidants.
Step 5.
Chop up and toss in some onion, which helps
prevent cancer and lowers cholesterol.
For a sweet touch that packs a load of antioxidants,
toss in some berries, like raspberries or
dried cranberries.
Step 6.
Put some olive oil-based salad dressing in
a spray bottle and spritz it on the salad.
That way, you won’t ruin your nice, healthy
salad with two zillion fat grams’ worth
of dressing.
Did you know People who eat a salad every
day have substantially higher levels of Vitamins
C, E, B6, and folic acid, according to a study
conducted by the UCLA School of Public Health
and Louisiana State University Health Sciences
Center.